these things are here mr. words I get a
lot of questions about succession like
what is this wall-mount Sarah how do you
travel with your be sport I'm going to
answer all of these questions but first
someone's in town that has been needing
to ride a boost score for a very very
long time
also I'd like to take a moment to shout
out my mom Jeannie for getting me the
la-la land
Jurassic Park sure you the true one VP
Jeannie
[Music]
something very New York happened as I
was writing down to Madison Square Park
to meet this lovely human a my new very
good friend Johnny Cupcakes Johnny
Cupcakes yeah what do you do I own a
t-shirt for an called Johnny Cupcakes
amazing and I have t-shirt shops that
look and smell like bakeries hi we don't
sell food we display Terk shirts and
refrigerators and our stores smelly
processes and on the way here I just ran
into Brett in the street and you
actually know the food and are a big fan
of 12 and a fan of jumping I now we're
doing magic in my first business I'm
going to pull my gosh my hair in room I
got a close-up magic again actually I
can use kind of growth but oh so the
I've been finding these all over the
place and you find them mostly in their
restaurant so excuse me so this is
actually a fake cockroach it's rubber
okay and I can make it look like it's
real but what I can do is what's pretty
cool I've learned to step up and when I
lift my foot up I can make it walk by
itself and start to float in the air so
when I lift my shoe you're going to see
this walk by itself okay
three two one
you see a jump up oh my god no are you
choking me go check this out you can do
this with anything you can take anything
and make it look like it's not there you
hold it at a certain angle you shake
your hands enough you feel something
behind your hair no no no I don't want
to understood I'm not that good what are
you kidding me right now
Johnny oh this is no longer a video
about this divorce but about magic my
new friends Johnny that was so
impressive so insane Eric Eric I don't
know what's going on safe that was Eric
Conover but I just randomly saw writing
the motions New York guess who I just
saw
Eric what just writing his light on
right in the middle of the plan district
we're going to get 15 on the boots
this is where we are right in front of
the plan look at this beautiful open
space for just being to trial the
booster board I can do anything I
believe in you
yeah by honestly she's better than me
oh my adjusting this is the next thing
you need a ride this is not a right now
oh my god okay oh my gosh okay hold on
this has happened all day I've been
seeing all of my internet friends all
over the city well that turned into
quite the experience now time to go back
to my apartment and I'm going to share
with you some do support accessories and
answer some questions
Oh Christopher accessories that's you
going directly from the loser board
what's that like you always have to have
extra belt and also an extra charger
once you are without mr. more charger
you can't really write it until another
one comes a male this day is my main
mode of transportation around New York
City so if I am left with a broken belt
or no charger I am completely screwed
the number one most asked accessory is
my whole mouth how do I mount sides mr.
bored's to you all okay some comment out
of the way just so you guys don't have
to come oh my gosh shoes in New York
City and your sister board oh my god is
such a cakey and heavy cat like you just
want to be cute okay I'm glad we got
that out of our system the amount that I
use are called rock or you can get them
at the Container Store in person what
there are actually only $10 on and why
go into a store you can buy them online
all of these links will be in the
description below by the way the
installation of the walnut there's two
screws on the top and bottom but the
arms are kind of strange so it takes a
while to figure out what's right word by
the way it looks because it's almost
invisible when the board is on up next
is how do i transport my booster boards
this bag oh my goodness I swear by this
bag it is I think board bag doc Oh again
link will be on searching below your
booster board fits perfectly inside of
it it has straps to keep it in place you
can either carry it around with this
strap on the top floor it has the
backpack strap where you can carry it on
your mat something I am also asked about
a lot is how do you fly with your boots
typically I will use my board bag carry
on my back and also have one more carry
on so I'm bringing on my booster board
like people bring on guitars the wattage
of the standard booth support battery is
below the airline limit but it is
recommended to be carried on because
usually it depends but most errands do
not like putting any type of battery
below where people sit where the baggage
goes so I think it is a preferred method
to carry on any type of electric
skateboard they do get confused they say
all my buster is a battery is this a
hoverboard is it going to make the plane
explode so allow an ample amount of time
to go through security whenever you are
carrying a booster board through
security when I go in first mr. board
and I didn't have important bag at the
time I would actually use my timber
tripod case to check my booster board it
does fit perfectly in here you can smush
it down and still a system close I can
also fit my helmet in here as well so
again I was able to successfully travel
to and back from London but this was a
year and a half ago
when I really live in aware of like how
do I travel with my brisket warm I
wouldn't want to get stuck with a fine
so I think traveling with your board as
a carry-on is the best but make sure to
check with these specific airlines
before you travel internationally that's
where you're going to get some hiccups
that you won't encounter traveling
domestically within the United States
Electric skateboards they're fast
they're dangerous I have gotten rid over
by a biker on the Williamsburg Bridge
and almost died I've also gotten hidden
pet attacks a good time that leads me to
my next accessory probably the most
important
helmet illness helmets Collins so this
is a thousand helmet I personally know
see people at the company that make
these they look so sick but also they
have something that is called like the
pop lock and it's where if you write a
bike you can
actually lock up your helmet would bike
you have to carry in your helmet of
course it doesn't apply suits for but
these just look sick I love the way they
look I've been using this ever since I
got it with Schwartz so there are plenty
of videos where you can watch me cruise
around using 8 ailments they have saved
my life on many different occasions
these are a little bit more of fun
accessories these are dressed straps
that I bought Amazon and add a little
bit more personality to my remote shop
they come in a big bag like this and
they are so insanely cheap when you're
riding around at night I think it is
super important to have lights so people
can see - recently I've been running
around just with my iPhone like there
are lights called shred lights that are
super cool because they actually attach
to the very front and the very back of
your boots aboard and they point out
however they are a little bit pricey
they are 75 dollars but they get the job
done and I think by far they are the
best lights that you can put on an
electric skateboard or really any type
of paper I wanted some light quick so I
want be cheap and faster route of buying
LED lights on Amazon for a six pack it
is actually only 17 dollars so if you
have somebody's looking boards just like
what's that cost and cop to lights for
each board actually just got these
lights in the mail so I'm going to
attach them to the bottom of my big word
right now and we will see holiday look
[Music]
so let's get the job done but they don't
look very nice so to solve that problem
gets red lights and they will be up here
however a quick development these are
velcroed on so you can take them on and
off a lot of accessories that I would
recommend I don't personally own it but
a lot of my friends do they are called
bash guards you basically put them on
the bottom of your board so when you are
carrying it around and you place it on
the ground the wood doesn't wear out
because I know people who tail ends of
boards are just completely shaving off
so that is it for these wizards board
accessories I hope this helps you in
some way let me don't have any questions
in the comments if you're new around
here hit that subscribe button I make
new videos every single Monday through
Friday 7:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time I
do videos with New York City but I also
travel a lot I do tech creative stuff a
little bit lifestyle we have fun over
here everyone that you saw on this video
and all of these links to these products
will be in the description below I will
see you next time let me undo its videos
to go subscribe button stay patient ok
bye
[Music]
you